okay so the question has been asked
several times to us and I'll just let me
to our YouTube channel and it simply
does getting attention here and we'll
say yeah it's really a picture in
addition to learning experience and most
people will say it's excruciating expect
the house apparently in other words it's
just a simple way of saying hurts like
hell well you really can only listen to
that based on three factors depends on
who you are how much you can take and
where you're getting it done I mean
based on mine on my shoulder of course
I've only got this one but there's a lot
of detail to it as you can see and trust
me getting towards the top of the arm in
the back of the arm that's where you can
feel most of the nerves but right here
on his forearm you can see the tribal
which is not finished yet because
there's so much detail that's obviously
a basic outline yeah I'm on with
basically a custom because we've been
kind of incredible when I grow really
fit me basically we were trying to find
custom tattoos that represented
something important my feet obviously
you all reckon you should all be able to
recognize this and if you don't it's
from the movie Punisher and it's a
little bit different I got one with
bullet holes and it looks like the
skulls been through hell and that's
based on what I would go through to keep
everything that I have which isn't much
except for family and decides its
original meaning which it Ward's off
evil spirits pretty badass
as for his reasonings I don't know I got
a lot of meaning reminder forget another
video I've got my pussy vision for
plumbing right okay everybody wants it
short and sweet like I said it depends
on who you are how much would take and
where you're getting it done take this
drive home for example get it done
across his forearm where most of his
blood vessel is from yeah like right
around here like right with him here is
that it would hurt the most and really
it didn't it was his hands in fishing
coming up and down here the most it hurt
was right about yeah right up in here
underneath inner part of the farm and
they said it would hurt over the bone
didn't much either I mean we're filling
in I'm not gonna premature down a little
bit but the closest we can get serious
individual identity because of your pain
would you have to do them with taking a
ballpoint pen ratch really hard against
your skin without personal or your other
people that don't really care about
their nails getting along use your nails
and pinch your skin almost as part of
you can but that basically coming close
to penetrating the skin to breathe a
little bit and let it go and and Rihanna
I mean at first it you know you feel the
potential break
and then really it just goes numb in the
area that's going out you know that it's
dragon is your skin decrees and I'll
pinching with the fingernails it will
vary based on where you do it that's why
I said one of the factors is is where
you get it done it's it also depends on
the tattoo that you get this i have a
lot of details those that have less
clean titles and bigger is it smaller it
really depends on what you're looking
for and if you're skeptical about
getting one then choose a certain choose
a body part that you fit would that you
feel would be best for you and make sure
the tattoo is something that you've been
thinking about so I'm gonna make a lot
to you so thats all that house of pain
stuff it's really overrated they don't
know what they're talking about because
they got theirs done differently I mean
you see people getting them on
downstairs areas on their face on their
head on their ears everywhere and you
wear any not any time these days
anything is possible especially this at
doing and the piercing and speaking of
piercings this one is also knew I just
got this corn down a few hours ago and
it's not so amazing it's not something
applauded to the rest of the world but
it is an amazing thing because the
family that I live in I mean what kind
person do I look like they don't expect
that someone like me would do all this
the tattoos and the piercings to look
like someone different it recognized me
as the little pretty boy there beyond
all of that the tattoo don't listen to
other people like I said it depends on
what the tattoo is besides the detail
and where
get it done pick up certain pick the
body part that you feel is best and make
sure it's what you want because if you
don't get down to detail then you will
regret it later and you probably already
know this but there are them there are
the purpose of getting it which are
everybody being impressed or just you
having something that's meaningful to
university life but there's also the
negatives which is cleaning up after for
two weeks and not being able today well
you can't find babe I can't go well I
hope it informs your decision a little
bit more so that you can make it the
best that you can make it and we we
obviously don't have very many tattoos
and we're only speaking from firsthand
experience but we've got wine and more
than likely you probably don't so just
hopes that and make it better for you
alright well we hope that this video
most units to finish the talking usually
knows what happened out uncertain so
closing be able to find your name we
hope you find what you represent why you
want to get the texture and the hope
that your doubt it seriously I mean it
just feels numb in the area and you lose
your pain but you know after the tattoos
garnet just give it a sucker an early so
there's a lot of people over exaggerate
just do it if you want them scope scope
elimination well then you probably get
that feeling when you're walking up to
the parlor to turn around and not do
because you're afraid to go through with
it sometimes the experiences that you're
afraid to go through are actually the
best ones in your life so this for some
grad and it'll for something wonder
amazing it is first half years